Welcome back everyone in this lecture we're going to go over the solutions for the video basics assessment.
Let's get started.
OK.
I went ahead and copied and pasted the skeleton code that we left for you in the assessment notebook.
And the first thing to do is add an import CB2 and we want to be able to create a function based off
a CV to even go in order.
Notice that we already have the global variables center and clicked.
So we want to get a mouse click on down and track the center.
We can do that is say if event is equal to CB2 in this case we want events left button down.
We'll go ahead and grab the center that the center is defined as a tuple starting at 0 0.
So I'll say that the center upon being clicked is now defined as the x and y coordinates of that clicked.
And then we can reset clicked equal to false and then we're going to do is we'll say if the events is
equal to to event left button back up then we'll say clicked is equal to true.
Now it's kind of up to you how exactly you want to do this.
You could just have a single left button down but the way we designed this actual event or the sexual
assessment I should say is that you don't actually draw the circle until you release the mouse button.
Now if you didn't quite do that sort of interpretation and you just went for single let button down
that's OK too.
You basically just would have said essentially would have to have the second tracking here of the left
button up.
So again you can check out the various ways to do this but we're going to say left button down.
And then once you release the button then you actually say click does it go to true.
Then we have center and clicked.
False.
We want to go ahead and capture the video.
We'll say the following we'll say Cap is equal to CB2.
And then we will say video capture zero.
And we want to create a named window.
We'll say CB2 named the window and we just call this window test and we're going to bind and this case
is actually not draw rectangle.
Draw a circle.
So let's fix that draw circle.
We'll say CB2 set mouse call back and I'm going to set test to be bound to draw circle.
So again we are binding it to this draw circle function then we're going to scroll down here we're going
to capture frame by frame it will say something being return.
Let's make sure our spacing is right so capture frame by frame will say return frame is equal to cap
read.
So really in a frame by frame and then we use an IF statement to see if something's been clicked.
So if we have clicked meaning something has been clicked we're going to say CB2 and we'll go ahead and
draw the circle on the frame where a center is equal to center.
So that's the center of the circle.
So to what radius you want to give it we'll just say go ahead and give it a radius of 50 kind of up
to you.
What color.
But I think we said blue.
So say 2 5 5 0 0 and then the thickness will just go ahead give it 5 pixel thickness and then we want
to show the resulting frame.
Remember this is going outside of that if statement will say to show and I want to make sure that we
have the same name there a test and then we're going to show that frame and then this command is just
going to let us quit.
So we say CB2 mixture my spacing is right.
If C-v to waky.
So we'll wait one millisecond and we're basically going to check has a person hit the cue button so
0 that should be Lorqess asks f f is equal to ordinal of Q And if that's the case then we will break
out of this loop.
So once everything is done we're going to release a capture we'll say capture release and then CB2 destroy
all windows.
And that's really all there is to it.
So it's pretty straightforward.
Let me just do a quick review of everything we're doing.
The main thing that may have tripped you up is the fact that we're asking for both left button down
and left button up.
And typically all we've been doing is just once you click that left button down and we've been drawing
something in this case we're adding a second event check to see that the person has actually lifted
up that mouse button.
So that's basically what the new component is here.
In this particular project that you haven't exactly seen before but you have all the skills and tools
necessary to account for that.
Now we have our global variables.
We're capturing the video connecting it to the callback function and then displaying it.
And if something has been clicked then we draw the circle.
So let's try this out make sure we don't have any errors.
I'm going to run this now and there I am going to click down once and there are the circles being drawn.
OK.
So that's all there is to it.
If you have any questions feel free to post the Kewney forums.
We'll see you at the next section.